Grandpa, we brought our little sister back
Just come back
Children these years
You suffered.
Look.
Grandpa's gift for you
51.9% stake in Dew Group
Consistent with the executive director
10 properties in Jiangcheng Bieyuan
There is also a kind of writing in the riverside city square
Cheque 999.9 billion
99.99 million yuan each
Grandpa, you really paid for it, hahahaha.
No need grandpa
I can't use so many things
Just ordinary money
It can't make up for your years at all
Wronged outside
And these are for our Lu family
Not worth mentioning at all
Little sister, just take it
Take it.
Well, all right.
Thank you grandpa
Grandpa has prepared a grand reception for you
You will love it.
Grandpa